A Story
Lisieux glided across the ice, the sound of xyr blades echoing in the empty rink. Pushing forward, xe leaned into a spiral, reaching up with xyr arms in a silent appeal. The dim rink lighting remained a steady warm yellow as xyr body spilled through the remaining elements in xyr program, the longing and grief almost tangible in the chilled air. The silence rang loudly as xe struck the final pose, breathing heavily. Planting xyr hands on xyr knees, Lisieux leaned over to catch xyr breath. Pushing sweaty strands of hair off xyr face, chest heaving as xe swung into a cooldown lap, xe began to mentally review the program. It was brand new, self-choreographed for the upcoming season. The theme was “yearning,” and xe had tried to make every spin, every step sequence, every jump scream xyr longing. Lisieux had told xyr coach that the theme was about xyr desire to get better, to improve xyr skating, to win. 
A sudden bout of coughing shook xem from xyr thoughts, and xe bent double as the hacking coughs tore from xyr lungs. It was getting worse. Xe coughed again, trying to dislodge the scratch from the back of xyr throat. There was a tickle there, as if something had lodged in xyr lungs and was trying to come out. Stepping off the ice, Lisieux swallowed hard, determined to keep whatever was there in place. Xe couldn’t afford any interruptions in xyr training, especially not illness. The first qualifying competition was only two months away. There was so much xyr still had to do.
`PB
“Again!” 
Jack’s voice rang out, methodical and clipped. Lisieux groaned, knees and hips aching from xyr numerous falls. They had been working for over an hour, and still the triple axel eluded xem. Xyr coach sighed, impatient with Lisieux's continued failure. “You’re letting your arms get sloppy. You need to pull them in tighter if you want to fit in all the rotations.”
Lisieux huffed a breath towards xyr skates before standing up and skating to the end of the rink, prepared for yet another go at the difficult jump. As they began skating, a cough pushed its way forward, a soft choking feeling growing in xyr throat. Lisieux slowed, eyes wide as a single pale pink petal fell out of xyr mouth and floated down, landing on the ice. Xyr throat burned, and Lisieux felt a suffocating presence in xyr lungs, like an especially fluffy pillow had gotten stuck in xyr chest. More petals made their presence known on xyr tongue, falling out of xyr mouth and pushing up from xyr throat. Lisieux doubled over, coughing hard. Xe felt xyr ribs shudder as the petals scraped up xyr throat and dropped out from between xyr teeth. Jack stepped up and awkwardly patted xem on the back as the blossoms died down, Lisieux still coughing hoarsely. 
Finally xe stood up, rubbing at xyr mouth. “I’m sorry, it’s never been that bad before.” 
Jack spluttered. “Before-? How long has this been going on?”
Lisieux looked down. “Since March 28.”
`PB
Jack looked confused, then his brow straightened. “Since worlds. The Japanese skater?”
Lisieux nodded, eyes still trained on the ice. “Yeah.”
Jack remained silent. There was nothing to say. Nothing to do. “Well, best get back to training. Run through the program again.” And take it easy, his eyes told xem. Lisieux swallowed and took xyr starting position in the center of the rink, ignoring the burning in xyr sternum and the tickling of small petals in xyr throat. 
`PB
There was a pile of petals in the corner of the hotel room that Lisieux was determined to ignore. Xe turned on the tv, idly flipping through channels in an effort to take xyr mind off the pain. An infomercial blared, colors bright and overloading the small room. 
“Are you or a loved one experiencing Hanahaki? Call this number now to-” 
Lisieux jabbed at the remote, heart beating a frantic rhythm as xe stared at the blank screen. Maybe television wasn’t such a great idea. Falling back on the bed, xe stared at the ceiling. Maybe in the morning xe would wake up and this would all be a dream. Xe never would have decided to find a quieter place to stretch before xyr short program at worlds, and xe never would have met a certain Japanese skater and xyr heart would be xyr own. And xe wouldn’t be dying. Clicking off the bedside light, xe pulled up the covers and ignored the blistering at the back of xyr throat, silent tears running down xyr cheeks as they closed xyr eyes and pretended to sleep. 